9.1
           

Dimensions and Accuracy

The specifications for the DECODE FIELD can be retrieved
from a few locations:

-
       

The 3D CAD model is the official representation of the DECODE FIELD
and how it is constructed. Measurements may be taken from this model with a general
tolerance of +/- 1 in. (+/- 2.5 cm).

-
       

Illustrations included in the Competition Manual are for a
general visual understanding of the DECODE ARENA, and any dimensions included
are nominal. Unless specifically noted, all these dimensions carry a tolerance
of +/- 1 in. (+/- 2.5 cm).

-
       

The 
Event FIELD
Setup Guide
 includes instructions on how to build the FIELD, and along with
showing the ways construction type will influence the field tolerances, it also
includes many of the key dimensions which are listed in the Official FIELD Drawings.

-
       

The
 FIELD
Acceptance Checklist
 includes the controlled dimensions (with relevant
tolerances) which will be regularly inspected by event staff.

-
       

The 
FIELD
Mitigation Guide
 provides FIELD STAFF recommended mitigation measures for
issues with the field during an event.

The complete list of DECODE FIELD resources are posted on the

Playing FIELD
Resources page
 on the 
FIRST
 website. 

The ARENA is modular and is assembled, used, disassembled,
and transported many times during the competition season. It undergoes wear and
tear. The ARENA is designed to withstand rigorous play and frequent reassembly.
Every effort is made to ensure that ARENAS are consistent from event to event. 

However, ARENAS are assembled in different venues by
different event staff and volunteers, and some small variations occur. In
addition, every region faces unique challenges which may impact the exact implementation
of the ARENA, and as such the ARENA specifications are designed to accurately
reflect the variations which may be present in official play, while still ensuring
consistency of critical items. Contact your 
local support
 to request more information. 

Successful teams will design ROBOTS that are insensitive to
these variations.